docs(changelog): explicitly list the tf versions <1.x removal in the CHANGELOG.md (#2780)
runatlantis/atlantis: CHANGELOG.md

https://github.com/runatlantis/atlantis/releases/tag/v0.21.0

## Backwards Incompatibilities / Notes:

> * Terraform version prior 1.x have been removed to reduce the image size ([#2619](https://github.com/runatlantis/atlantis/pull/2619))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Terraform version 1.x have been removed to deprecate beta versions of terraform and reduce the image size ([#2619](https://github.com/runatlantis/atlantis/pull/2619))
```
